# Blockchain
#Implementation Method:-It concludes 3 main steps
A) 1> Setting up Ethereum node (blockchain network).So Install geth node as ethereum client.
   2>We have used Ganache for tesing smart contract .It's not real time blockchain but behaves as blockchain.
   3>By using geth cli we configured blockchain network,genesis block and miner node.
   4>We compile our smart contract by truffle which essential part of ethereum ecosystem.
B) 1> I selected node js for front-end development and Web3.js API as interactive media 
   2>Usage of API in my project:-
              i)Adding participants
              ii)Sending transaction
              iii)Retrieving  data from blockchain
              iv) Establishment of Connection of json RPC  
              v)Setting miner node
   3>We have used EOA (Externally owned accounts) as participants.Our network is private blockchain network.
C) 1> For UI we prefered React js for web applicatiopn for development of dApp. 
    2> There are two perspectives of architecture i)Student ii)Teacher/Staff
            i)Student:- (a)Student just need to receive email and storing id and password besides he/she must redirect to link mentioned in email
                        (b)He/she is allowed to one time submission of feedback.
                        (c)As teacher/staff belongs emial id of each students so they can easyly send password and id which autogenerated
                            password is random number and id is ehereum account.Studnt just have two components.
            ii)Teacher:- (a)As teacher's side include 5 components including registration.
                          (b)Main job is Analyzing feedback and sending link and crdentials to students.
                          
 #In feedback management use case whole blockchain data is concerned with teacher's perspective .So at the time of accesing network
  data availability is equal for all teachers and staffs.
  
  Installation:-
         1)Node.js
         2)Express.js
         3)Truffle (v5.0.19)
         4)geth (v1.9.13)
         5)react js
         6)ganache
         7)After all installation just 'npm install' in working project directory
         
    #for genesis block:--'geth init genesis.json --datadir "blockchain"'
    #for starting blockchain network:'--geth --datadir "blockchain" --rpc --rpcapi "eth,web3,miner,admin,personal,net" --rpccorsdomain "*" --nodiscover --networkid 12345 --allow-insecure-unlock'
    #for geth JSON rpc:-geth attach  rpc:'network URL' 
    #for we application:- npm start
    #for SMTP server:- seaarch server.js in Project and give node server.js
     
  
                          
 
 
